sure okay everyone welcome uh I'm gonna
call to order the board of Selectmen
special meeting for Thursday May 8 the
time is
7:01 um the meeting is being held by
zoom and the first order of business is
the Pledge of Allegiance so the pledge
allegiance flag
flag United States of America to the
repblic
for which it stands one nation under God
indivisible with liberty and justice for
all all right thank you very much for
that that's greatly appreciated um I
realized that we only had public speak
as item five but I think it's
appropriate um for us to have public
speak also at the beginning for this
meeting so um right now the only uh
member of the public we have is Bob
hamburger Bob
nothing to say at this time thanks got
it Dennis O'Brien is
it I want to also say that um my husband
Jerry's on but it says an cre with no
picture we can't figure out how to
change the name your picture your
picture's coming through it I see your
video Jerry Jerry's more than welcome to
speak in let's
go even though it doesn't have my name
on it even though it doesn't have your
name on it Jerry okay um I'm just here
because I this is a new process for for
me and I have a lot of questions I'm
hoping that'll be answered this evening
sure so I'm here to listen and learn
okay we'll give a shot all right am I
missing anyone I'm on my phone so I
apologize if I scoot over anything I'm
not missing any okay no we will move on
on to uh item two which is uh elect the
charter revision commission members or
committee members
um we had a a great group of uh people
potentially volunteer for this um for
this committee and what uh what we need
to do is give a little bit of background
as to how we have to go about this so we
had uh eight I believe 18 uh potential
volunteers the volunteers will fall into
two buckets uh a public official bucket
and a a nonpublic official bucket which
is just resids um according to the
Charter and state statute but I'm Prim
primarily believe it's state statute
two-thirds of the me members of uh
Charter revision committee can only
there can only be there can only be
onethird of the members that are public
officials so we have a bucket of public
officials we have to select from and
then as I said the other one so um the
first question for the board of
Selectmen is the number of members of
the committee we have to have a minimum
of five and uh my recommendation is that
we actually have create a seven member
committee for this that would
then so so that's the first thing we
have to agree to is how many members do
we want to sit there and have on the
committee I would motion we have
seven I'll second
that okay
so is there further discussion on the
number of members related to what we do
the only discussion is I know we had
some discussion today about alternates
can we have alternates or
no uh I was told we from the town
attorney we cannot have alternates and
he is actually on the phone call okay
that's fine we'll just pick seven then
okay um all right if that's everybody in
agreement then we're going to vote on
that so all in favor of seven members hi
hi so seven members so now Paul I sent
out to all the members earlier today a a
spreadsheet that put the two groups in
buckets so that we can all sit there and
see what we
got yeah I have it up on the screen
here all right can you just increase the
size on your screen so it fills your
whole screen um yeah yes but because
it's long hang on there you go and then
now you can increase your um there you
go all right does anybody see anybody
have any problems with that
visual okay so as I I have a question
Jeff do we want do we want to do these
one at a time or we just I think we are
we gonna do them as a as a
batch I well no I was I was thinking
that we we just discuss the groups first
so everybody understands why these
people are in these groups because I've
had discussions with Den us
today I was there's couple people here I
just want to explain out so under the
town officials uh an an K Jerry K uh
Betty gamsky Gary gu Carol Lee Shannon
Lowden Jeff Maguire and Scott Scott soet
so we all requested to potentially be on
this committee the two people that I do
want to call out uh are Gary guile and
um and I'm
I'm Paul how do I say bata's name yeah
um just like
damsky fat gamsky viat
gamsky is in this bucket but she is on
an appointed commission for the shield
uh the Veterans Memorial Field uh um
committee and um Gary guile is on the
conservation committee um I I had
significant conversations with Dennis
regarding this um it's something that is
in State Statute and it's it's it's been
past precedent that we've done it like
that that's something that we have to
deal with that if we can that would be
something that we would want to do is
just make all of the people that are in
this bucket just elected officials I
don't really feel that that those two
individuals represent public official
um they're volunteers on certain things
that might have some Authority but not
any significant Authority but that is
why those two individuals are in that
bucket and then I'm I just wanted to put
it on the record and let everybody know
why they fell up there and then not down
at the bottom so so if we do seven
members there can be two members from
the town official SE section
so now Jeff what what were what were you
thinking of now that I've explain that
for myself well if we're going to do two
should we make motions on each one and
we'll vote on each one instead of trying
to just put up two and vote for two sure
go ahead I I'd like to make a
nomination for the two elected Town
officials for uh barol Lee and uh Jeff
Maguire
Carol
Lee did a fantastic job the last time
the bifurcation and all the other things
that they were tasked with and Jeff
Maguire uh started this he wanted to
become involved with this right away
so I I uh nominate those
too okay I'll
second Jeff what did you want to talk
about though because I know you wanted
to talk about him individually so I just
I didn't know if we want to nominate
each one individually and vote on them
individually well we can I
mean Scott would you have a problem with
splitting the nomination
individually um I I
don't it's already been seconded right
it has been
yes so
okay um further discussion on this does
anybody want a different public official
that just a thought we're going to vote
on this as it is but is there a
discussion that anyone any of the other
members wants to have related
to um I'd like to see Shannon
Lowden
okay um
nominate well let um I understand that
an and and while I appreciate that
Scott I'm gonna ask you to do this for
me can you can you just split the
individuals up yeah I think it's just
gonna work out easier because if we're
gonna have discussion over you know
combinations it's probably easier just
to we'll pull one person in then we'll
vote for another one till we get a vote
ex exactly so so can you just amend his
motion just just amend his motion
Scott's motion and then Scott the first
one just put
um carolly up
okay okay that's the way yeah that's the
way you want to do it I I will nominate
Carol Lee I'll second
that okay further discussion related to
Caroline all those in favor I I
I okay so um the only one I didn't hear
with Paul was you are you in favor yes
sorry I was muted that's five okay
all right who would like to nominate the
next
person I'll nominate um Jeff Maguire
I'll second
that um further discussion on on my
nomination well do we have any more
nominations I thought we had Carol Lee
so or not Carol Lee Shannon lad
I mean I'd rather Shannon go before me
if that's how everybody wants it okay
well yeah let's do that because well and
didn't do a motion so let's let's have
an do a motion and and then we can vote
on it that and
be on the
committee sorry an did you my internet
blinked up you said a okay yes I move
the Shannon lowens on the charter
revision committee
okay I'll
second
okay any further discussion related to
Shannon beond Charter revision
commission okay all those in
favor
I all those
opposed
I okay so how many opposed did we have
two two how do you
vote Jeff I I
abstain somebody voted so I'm I'm
confused on this one so I didn't hear if
somebody second Shannon being on the
committee who was the second vote for I
second for an no you I know no no I know
you seconded it but who voted in favor I
thought it was an because I can't see
everybody I can't see an
y an said yes did anyone else did any of
the other four members say
yes okay so it's one in favor and I'm
now I'm asking how many are
opposed okay I'm I'm
opposed you've got
soos
okay and I was abstaining so
okay so that are there any other it's
fine any other uh nominations
okay so I'll go back to my motion I I'd
like to nominate Jeff
Maguire okay do you have a second for
that one I seconded it Scott yeah before
I got it Scott I apologize for this um
um any discussion related to that
nomination well do we have any more no
more nominations
correct anybody else
okay we want to vote on that one hello
can I chime in sure Dennis now the way
that uh Jeff Murray suggested that you
vote is the way it they do it under
Robert's Rules you vote you vote is
until you find two you can only have two
for this category so you vote until you
find two and then you
stop and and and for the this will work
better for the other category where you
can get as many have as many as
five but that's how you do it I've never
done it that way myself in running a
town committee and doing other things
but that uh there there's something that
could be said for that that's what's
called for by Robert's Rules and I think
we are under Robert's Rules under our um
Char or Charter so what what the way I I
I probably thought I was on here and
guess I was muted and I I just unmuted
myself I've not I've not done it this
way before I tried to get in by phone
but I couldn't get in and uh I think
Jeff Murray's idea is the way to go
and so we're moving moving we're moving
down that list right now so that's what
I would do there's one more nomination
that's out
there and let's let's vote on it and
then if it fails we we'll move on to the
next
person okay
so Paulie nominated Jeff Maguire Scott
was
seconded all those in
favor
hi
hi all those
opposed
I okay all those abstain I abstain
okay Jeff muray where you at he said
yes
okay didn't hear you sorry
so we now have the two officials from
the two members from the town officials
so now to fill out our seven member
committee we need five members from the
other category I'd like to nominate Bob
H is one of them I'll second
that okay God so any I really don't want
I
mean I'm not interested in in in
discussing the merits of any individual
I really do believe that all of the
candidates were extremely positive and
good and and I appreciate the number of
people willing to volunteer for the town
so um unless we have anything really
significant to say during the other
comments like I don't mind if somebody
wants to criticize me I'm okay
but as far as the residents that are
participating I would rather not see
any little negativity on this area as
possible that's just me personally so
okay Bob hamburger has been nominated by
Jeff Murray and that has been seconded
by Scout person any further discussions
on Bob
hamburger all those in favor of um Bob
hamburger for the tri revision
commission hi hi
all right and so that was five I
believe okay I would like to that was
five
correct yes everybody voted yes I would
like to nominate Patricia
Billings I'll second
that
um further discussion on Patricia
Billings I believe Patricia was part of
the last Charter revision committee
she was yes she was she was okay um all
those in favor of parti
be part of the TR revision commission
all those
favor I
I okay I'm assuming all those
opposed no all those that
obained okay so I'm assuming that was 5
as well so we have
so now we have two so Paula is it
possible for you to check them so that
we know we know
who
yes under this system if you once you
get a majority you don't go to uh
opposing votes there's no need to
there's no need to okay oh once once
once a candidate gets a majority
they're elected okay understood the
majority would be
three so right now we
have two
Democrats two
unaffiliated correct and and you're
correct Scott we have to balance this
out um has to
be I'd like to nominate another person
I'd like to try to nominate uh Karen
Mador
I'll second
that she was on the last Charter
revision commission and I heard she was
very
uh very
involved okay she did a good job yeah
very good all right um so nomination of
Karen Mador to be a member of the
charter revision committee all those in
favor hi
hi all those V we don't have to do that
Dennis thank you for correcting me so
Baron
moror um next
nomination go ahead i' like to nominate
C Katherine mcal
lowis okay Katherine mcal Lewis do we
have a second for
C no second I'll
second okay um further disc discussion
related to
Catherine okay all those in favor of
Katherine magaldi Lewis on the charter
revision
commission
I all those
opposed
I sorry I'm
coughing so it's one
one if I if I read that correctly all
those uh all those abstaining
no there was a post no you
had all
right okay and next nomination anyone
else I'll nominate Adrian
mandaville I'll second
that further discussion on Adrian being
participant in the TR revision
committee all those in favor
I
I all those
opposed
hi okay so again I didn't get all the
followed how many were in favor and how
many were against it sorry I don't need
to do I don't need to do against how
many were in favor yeah it looks like
four to one to me okay all right I'm
sorry I can't see the camera I'm only
looking at the spreadsheet that's my my
fault okay so Adrian would be a member
he's an X
yeah okay so based upon what we were
trying to do before we have one
additional potential seat available and
we have right now two Republicans two
Democrats and two unaffiliated voters so
we split pretty
well yeah so Dennis is that fine so far
yes it's fine that I don't I don't see
how you could go wrong now you're not
going to have anybody the rule is that
no no political party can have a major
uh more than a s a majority of one so
you you would have to have either the
Republicans or the Democrats having four
and neither one is going to get there
okay good perfect okay so you're you're
all set as far as party goes you're all
set the next person could be any
anything
unaffiliated Republican or
Democrat I'd nominate chesy
McCumber do we have a second on that
nomination is she the one that lives in
Lake
Road yes she's on Lake Road I believe
it's Lake yeah yeah I'm I don't I don't
know I'm not really sure I'm not
familiar with her
so okay so do we have anyone willing to
second that
nomination okay if not let's try someone
else I'll make a nomination of Jody
gross I'll second that
okay Jody gross is is a new participant
on on Town information I believe he
lives up near Jeff Murray um so we have
a second on that one all those in favor
of Jody
gross
I
I hi all those all those opposed we
don't have to do opposed we got three
actions got three votes okay I'm sorry
Dennis I'm not used to that I know I'm
not used to the system either but I
think it's uh I think it works it's
worked very well I think it's been very
uh this could be very difficult uh
electing so many people U with so many
candidates and I think the uh Roberts
rules system was set up for just this
kind of
thing okay um so if I'm not mistaken and
I'm looking at the strad sheeet
correctly there are two
Town officials five members from the
other committee um and from a standpoint
of this there's at least four members
four individuals that have served on
previous Charter revision commissions um
so I actually think
that it's pretty good group of of
individuals and I can't thank enough the
other individuals that that put their
names out there
um I do I do thank everyone for that one
so Paul if you can drop this down and we
can go back to
the back to our uh front part of this so
let's see let me go back to my page here
go back to the other side of my phone so
um item three is specify date on which
commission must submit the draft report
to the town clerk Dennis you had
previously provided us some information
as to when this draft report would need
to be back to the board of selectman to
meet the state um State timing for the
November election well you know you can
control when the draft report comes back
but you cannot control uh you know in
advance uh nobody can uh what is going
to happen after that because after the
draft report comes back to you
all uh then you have to have a public
hearing you have to um go over the draft
report if there's any you have any
differences as a group with the uh any
of the items in the draft report you
have to work those out with the
commission and you have to do that at a
public meeting probably one of your
regular meetings Maybe not maybe it
would have to be a special meeting just
to make the deadline but um you know
depending on how how well uh you the
commission does in terms of U working
expeditious expeditiously and
efficiently you don't have an awful lot
of time because you really have to kind
of have it wrapped up early in early
September and it has to get to the
Secretary of State's office probably
I'll check the dates but it's probably
I've done it so many times it's probably
around
mid-september Carol Lee would know as
well and and um you know date the date
that we should select what I'm what I'm
suggesting is um you have a regular
meeting and uh this is this is giving
you not much time but it can be done it
can be done by a commission that works
together that um you know you don't have
to be unanimous but and and and and it
you you know un understand that the try
to revision process can last as much as
16 months and you can't do that this
time if you do that this time you're
going to have to put it on the ballot
next year if you put it on the ballot
next year it won't be in
um oh God you don't even have have an a
municipal election in the fall I don't
think I I don't know you might you might
have some positions up for election in
the fall I don't know your election
schedule that will and it's been changed
but uh if if it's not on a on a on a on
a regular election you have to have 15%
of the of the voters vote in the
affirmative to pass any of the
items one good thing is that you know
you know it doesn't it doesn't rise or
fall with the voters as unit it can be
breaken down into several issues but uh
I think you know in my opinion it would
be nice to have the draft report
in I'd say in early to mid
July you have your unfortunately your uh
your first your your regular meeting in
July is early it's July
8th
um if you want to get okay is the date
at Dennis Dennis I'm sorry and I'm gonna
break up a little bit Dennis the date
July 8th that you're recommending for us
I just need a date for a recommendation
and work would probably be good if you
got it before the weekend so you'd be
able to uh peruse
it um and it wouldn't would you wouldn't
lose anything by that because you
couldn't me you wouldn't meet on a
weekend anyway I I would say you know it
has to be turned over to town clerk who
then transfer and you know town clerk is
one of your members so it won't be hard
for her to transmit it to the members of
the committee so I would say maybe the
Thursday before July 8th which is the
which is the last work day July
July unless you want to the date the
date is the date I I'll make a motion
that we request the charter revision
commission to make a draft report
available to the board of selecting by
July
3D that's not a request that's a that's
a mandate it's a motion it's a motion I
got to get it approved oh okay I thought
you were saying that you moving to
request them I'll second
that further discussion um honestly we
could sit there and and request that
date if they do it they do it if they
don't they don't and they will they will
they will I know I know push to do it
yes that's correct right push that's
right I mean we could also you know just
for discussion purposes we could push it
back in July yes but what's going to
happen in the way that see this is once
the charter revision commission finishes
the board of Selectmen is going to want
to review it and then the board of
Selectmen is going to want
to I can't understand a word you're
saying I know I know you're
sorry I just want you to know it's just
38 I heard my name that's
all sorry I'm going by exit 5 I don't
know if you can hear me now but you can
yes there is a town meeting
required after the draft or before I
know before we start our work but when
is the other Town hearing well you have
to have a public hearing you know what
you could do is uh you could could give
the commission until say the middle of
July you have a special meeting and
along with the special meeting right
before the special meeting the same
night we've done it this way before you
have the public hearing special meeting
the same night and and that way you
could you could give the commission a
couple more weeks to get in the report
which would be good and that personally
personally personally I would rather not
because we have too many public we have
too many special meetings and
ju so we we have a meeting either July
8th Paula July
8th meeting that's your regular meeting
I checked that out
yeah so to me I would rather request for
Charter revision commission to have the
draft to us for July 3rd we then get an
opportunity to look at it for July 8th
talk about it at our meeting if there's
issues that we need to send back to the
Charter revision commission we can we
can then get that done then we'd have to
have a special meeting if everybody on
the board is in agreement with the draft
then Dennis my question is is there a
town meeting or town hearing before or
after the draft report is submitted to
the board of Select draft report if it's
if it if it's if it's on your agenda for
July
8th really all you can do is um set you
can you can't discuss it you can't
discuss it until you have a public
hearing you could what you could do is
you could have a a marathon that night
and and have a I have a public we've
done it before I've been at meetings
that have lasted till till midnight not
lately though not lately you've been
doing better I know but anyway what you
could do is you could you could have U
you know there's no harm in having
uh two or three events in one evening
you just you know get a lot of sleep to
day night before so so so that July you
could do it on the eth but it would be
unusual what you so okay so just let us
I'm I'm just trying to get our our team
to understand the Lord to understand it
it's the draft report ex the draft
report is arrives we you get a chance to
re read it we get a chance to um approve
or send it back for revision correct not
not not yet you have to have the public
hearing first that's the public hearing
first public hearing you know you could
put the public
hearing I don't I don't I don't recall
that it's a public hearing that's that
requires uh you know a mailing to
everybody in town or anything like that
I don't think we've done that before I
think what we what we do is just uh
notice it as a public hearing uh I would
say I would do it in the in the
newspaper in the
re I'm just trying to make sure in this
discussion we set the date when we set
the date when we set the date that we're
not going to be pushing there's other
things that have to happen I'm just
trying to make sure that we can get all
of it done before the end of August yeah
there you you you you can if there if
everybody uh if you know if everybody
works together like the you know like
the Congress doesn't you know and I
think I think with this group uh in this
in this uh board I think you will I mean
you can't bite off more than you can
chew as a as a commission because you
don't have that much time I've never sat
on a commission that didn't have 16
months but but I'll tell you um it can
be done in a lot less than 16 months and
if you have a couple of uh four or five
uh key
items um you can get some really
important stuff done I mean you got the
uh Town Administrator uh issue done in
maybe a month more than this you got the
uh thing the second and and the last one
last one was simar done in a month more
than this so you know that that those
were both noteworthy uh achievements I I
think you can do it but but you know you
got to leave yourself some time uh you
know to so that you can get it done by
the end of August yes okay
so here's what here's what I would do
here's what I would do I would I would
give uh you know have it have it
submitted on the third to to the the
town clerk she'll distribute it to the
members you can read it over study it uh
you can um meet on Monday and just set
up the next event the next event to my
way of thinking would be a public
hearing followed by a
meeting and of the of the board of
Selectmen the board of selectman hold
the public hearing then they have the
meeting and then you could discuss it to
till the cows come home and and then you
know you might you might get it right
then might say okay this looks good I
mean you know we got our first selectman
on there and and it looks good and and
and it and you know it you could finish
it uh quickly but I more likely than
that you're gonna take a couple of weeks
but a couple of weeks is not bad but if
but but if there's lots of disagreement
among the Selectmen and the commission
about certain items that uh you know it
could go on and on and on but that's one
reason why I'm glad your commission is
not 15 members let's say that would be
absurd and I'm glad so I'm glad serve
before if I can be heard if I can if I
can I mean I'm we're going down Route
Six so I'm getting close to in
I the meeting is the meeting is official
now so
um we have the motion on the floor to
request the draft to be sub to the town
clerk for July
3D
second all right Scott it already
seconded it let's all those in favor all
those in favor all those in favor I hi I
all right so July 3r is the the
requested date okay so
um last item on the
agenda um item four discussion of
Charter revision objectives um
th just just so I understand Dennis and
and I before I turn this over to the
members um the objectives we can give
them we can give the charter revision
commission objectives in writing um and
and before the commission starts any
work the commission has to have a town a
public meeting correct yes yes just like
you all when you come when it comes back
to the board of Selectmen you have the
commission cannot do anything but elect
its officers and it's first meeting but
I always recommend that the first
meeting be a brief one election of
officers and then you have the public
hearing and then you got you go back to
another meeting to discuss the public
hearing and that shouldn't take
long Dennis
justce who so so the the the step is we
we can discuss this here we can also
discuss this at our regular schedule of
meeting um on Monday
um just asking is there any timeline is
there any reason we we we can discuss it
today but we can also discuss it at our
regular scheduled meeting corg you mean
you mean the board of Selectmen the
objectives yes the board of yeah you can
talk about the objectives all you want I
mean you can uh you can take input from
anybody but but you have to have a
public hearing okay so the members have
a second public hearing the commission
has to have a have have a have a second
public hearing before it submit after it
writes its draft report but before it
submits it you know I gave you the uh
timeline yeah I saw that okay it's it's
a little complicated uh in the second
page but the first page is all you
really need to be concerned with right
now okay first few parag so objectives
so um I know uh Jeff Murray you sent an
email out to us as far as as objectives
um of things that you would like
everyone to potentially consider on the
charter revision commission uh anyone
else want to sit there and um identify
items I
mean I'll speak from my end I I just
want to talk about efficiencies within
what we're doing there's there's things
like our elections um you know that we
need a appropriate timeline there's
items that are related to things like
the charter revision commissions being
established that need clarification um
more efficiency items uh governmental
setup items that I would like to discuss
with the the committee and and not
everybody needs to realize none of these
things are guaranteed the committee is
members that hopefully will come and
discuss with common sense uh different
proposals and we'll see what we can get
done and as Jeff pointed out and as
Dennis has pointed out we can't
overcommit in this cycle but my mind it
is a presidential election the majority
of the residents of the community will
be uh potentially voting and we'll have
an opportunity to say yes or no just as
we've done at the last Charter revision
commission at U when we voted on those U
items to move forward so
um who else would like
to talk tonight about things they would
like discuss at the charter uh revision
committee should we just do it formally
at our meeting on because I don't think
I don't know if everybody give everybody
a couple extra days to get everything
written down yeah I'm I'm I'm okay with
that because and Jeff you're you're
right we probably should sit there and
draft something that gets submitted to
the the committee at their first
meeting well if you do that it it
becomes official and and they have to uh
address it I I think that maybe if you
do it in general terms like you know
issues pertaining to the um
election yeah election like you know you
have a in about May elections and
November elections which I think has
already been resolved but if it has been
resolved then it ought to be changed to
November in the charter that's easy but
there are there are issues uh pertaining
to the um relationship between say the
town meeting what the town meeting
responsibilities are and what the
selectman responsibilities are that's
that's generally something I would look
at I don't want to go too far with that
because I'm not on the commission or the
board and I'm just to low Town attorney
but I've I've been through this perhaps
more than anybody in in the history of
Eastern Connecticut I've been on many
chared commissions advising and and
serving and um you people who are on it
are U Bob hamburger is here tonight uh
you're lucky you're gonna it's it's a
great great great experience but it's a
lot of work and you have to move fast
okay so does I'll be ready to guide give
you some guidance if you want
okay does anybody does anybody have any
issues any of the select select the
board have any issues related to waiting
for Monday to discuss the objectives for
the charter rision committee let me just
say one more thing legally if if you're
going to give written directions to the
commission you got to do it
today can't do it you can't wait till
Monday it's got to be done with before
30 days are up
okay I
mean the same time you give them their
charge as to when they have to have
their final their uh draft reported
correct but you just told us that that
it would be more appropriate to sit
there and give them General guidance
verbal
guidance I think I think I I will I will
I will sit there and say that if that is
done um I I agree we're we're going to
sit there and address it
I mean I'm I'm just telling you I mean I
I would I mean it's a common sense thing
if the I mean I believe the board of
selectman did that the last time I don't
think there was a written I'm not I'm
just asking and anybody else that was on
it Jeff Scot Paul were there any I don't
think we gave specific writ instructions
to the last Charter revision
commission that's right no I don't I
don't remember doing that there was disc
but I but I want to
know L I want as much input as possible
from all the members so at the next is
it is it problematic that we discuss
potential items at the next meeting on
Monday or do you want to do it
tonight I I would I think it should be
tonight but I I don't think it's I don't
think it's Dennis if we don't if we
don't write them if we don't write them
we can discuss them on Monday if we
write them you want us to do it tonight
yeah what I'm asking that's what I'm
asking the board the written
instructions you give them would have
legal Authority it means means that in
their draft report they have some way
respond to them but there's a a lot of
ways to do that and I've written a lot
of reports and I've helped write a lot
of reports and and it's not a big
problem but Den even if I even if I
write even if I wrote everything
down the charter revision commission
would have to address it but they could
address anything else they wanted even
if they can address anything they want
that's right that's right you don't have
to give so my so my point my point is do
we want we want to discuss it tonight
and potentially write down what's
discussed tonight no do we want to wait
until Monday and verbally communicate
all of us come up with the ideas and
those ideas will be communicated to the
well I will be on I I will be on it so
anything you guys want addressed will
get addressed verbal until
Monday yeah let's wait I'm in favor of
waiting till Monday
verbally okay um all right so you're not
giving them any legally uh binding
instructions no we will give them their
charge binding it's just persuasion
persuasion yeah that's right and input
input listen we we will give them the
board members will give them their input
and on Monday we'll sit there and and uh
it will be it will be a uh it will be
part of the committee to sit there and
understand that these are issues that
were out there ver and they
will we'll look at them
so anything else anybody else want to
sit there and talk anything else about
the the objectives
tonight no okay if if not I'd like to
move on to item five which is public
speak so
um Bob hamburger are you the only member
of the public with us and Jerry is as
well so um anybody either one of you
like to speak Bob you you're good okay I
just wanted to uh say thanks for
selecting me and uh look forward to
serving looks like we've got a a good
team of people and it should be um
stimulating interesting
exciting
thanks
Jerry I think you may have dropped out
I'm here oh Jerry
sorry that's Jeff Jerry I didn't see
Jerry okay
all right so I think that is it for
public speak um item
six move to turn second all right all
those in favor
I all right I apologize for not being on
camera um hopefully I won't have that
happen again so I apologize for that
anyway thank you very much everybody and
um we will see everybody on Monday come
good night bye good night thank you